Add Form docs (#57)
transloadit/uppy.io: docs/form.mdx

## When should I use this?

When you have an existing HTML form on the page and you want to integrate Uppy uploads into it.

:::note
If you are using a UI framework or library like React, Vue or Svelte, you’ll most likely handle form data there as well, and thus won’t need this plugin. Instead, pass meta data to Uppy via [`uppy.setMeta()`](/docs/uppy-core#setmetadata) and listen to [`uppy.on('complete')`](/docs/uppy-core#complete) to get the upload result back.
:::

## Install

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="npm" label="NPM" default>

```shell
npm install @uppy/form
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="yarn" label="Yarn">

```shell
yarn add @uppy/form
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="cdn" label="CDN">
    <UppyCdnExample>
      {`
        import { Uppy, Form } from "{{UPPY_JS_URL}}"
        const uppy = new Uppy()
        uppy.use(Form, {
          // Options
        })
      `}
    </UppyCdnExample>
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Use

```js
import Uppy from '@uppy/core';
import Form from '@uppy/form';

new Uppy().use(Form, {
	target: '#my-form',
});
```

```html
<form id="my-form">
	<input type="text" name="name" />
	<input type="date" name="dob" />
</form>

> ```

Author: Why suddenly a file name here?

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

import UppyCdnExample from '/src/components/UppyCdnExample';

# Form

> The `@uppy/form` plugin integrates with an existing HTML `<form>` to extract

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@uppy/form` plugin integrates with an existing HTML `<form>` element to extract
```

> input data from the it, and send along with the Uppy upload. It then appends the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
input data from it, and send along with the Uppy upload. It then appends the
```

upload result back to the form via a hidden input.

## When should I use this?

> 1. When you want to attach the form input values to the files. This is useful if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  When you want to attach the form input values to the files. This is useful if
```

   you want to associate meta data from the form (for example, name, location,
   id) with the uploaded file, so you can process it on the backend.
   `@uppy/form` extracts the input values before uploading/processing files and
   adds them to Uppy meta data state (`uppy.state.meta`), as well as and each
   file’s meta, and appends to the upload in an object with
   `[file input name attribute]` -> `[file input value]` key/values.

> 2. When you want to first upload the files and put the Uppy response (such as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  When you want to first upload the files and put the Uppy response (such as
```

   the file URLs) into a hidden field
   (`<input type="hidden" name="uppyResult">`) to then POST and handle the form
   yourself. The appended result is a stringified version of a result returned
   from calling `uppy.upload()` or listening to `complete` event.

> 3. When you want to automatically start the file upload on submit or submit the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  When you want to automatically start the file upload on submit or submit the
```

[`uppy.on('complete')`](/docs/uppy-core#complete) to get the upload results
back.

:::

## Install

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="npm" label="NPM" default>

```shell
npm install @uppy/form
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="yarn" label="Yarn">

```shell
yarn add @uppy/form
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="cdn" label="CDN">
    <UppyCdnExample>
      {`
        import { Uppy, Form } from "{{UPPY_JS_URL}}"
        const uppy = new Uppy()
        uppy.use(Form, {
          // Options
        })
      `}
    </UppyCdnExample>
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Use

```js title="app.js"
import Uppy from '@uppy/core';
import Form from '@uppy/form';
import DragDrop from '@uppy/drag-drop';

import '@uppy/core/dist/style.min.css';
import '@uppy/drag-drop/dist/style.min.css';

new Uppy().use(Form, {
	target: '#my-form',
});
```

```html title="index.html"
<form id="my-form" action="/submit" method="get">
	<label for="name">Enter your name: </label>
	<input type="text" name="name" required />

	<label for="dob">Date of birth: </label>
	<input type="date" name="dob" />

	<input type="submit" value="Save" />
</form>
```

By default the code above will:

> 1. Extract meta data from the form `#my-form` and send it with the Uppy upload.
>    Those fields will then be added to Uppy meta data state (`uppy.state.meta`)
>    and each file’s meta, and appended as (meta)data to the upload in an object
>    with `[file input name attribute]` -> `[file input value]` key/values.
> 2. When Uppy completes upload/processing, it will add an
>    `<input type="hidden" name="uppyResult">` with the stringified upload result
>    object back to the form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Extract meta data from the form `#my-form`.
2. Send it with the Uppy upload.
3. Those fields will then be added to Uppy meta data state (`uppy.state.meta`)
   and each file’s meta, and appended as (meta)data to the upload in an object
   with `[file input name attribute]` -> `[file input value]` key/values.
4. When Uppy completes upload/processing, it will add an
   `<input type="hidden" name="uppyResult">` with the stringified upload result
   object back to the form.
```

:::note

You can disable both of these features, see options below.

:::

:::tip

`@uppy/form` can also start Uppy upload automatically once the form is
submitted, and even submit the form after the upload is complete. This is off by
default. See [`triggerUploadOnSubmit`](#triggerUploadOnSubmit) and
[`submitOnSuccess`](#submitOnSuccess) options below for details.

:::

## API

### Options

#### `id`

A unique identifier for this plugin (`string`, default: `'Form'`).

#### `target`

> DOM element or CSS selector for the form element (`string` or `Element`,
> default: `null`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DOM element or CSS selector for the `<form>` element (`string` or `Element`,
default: `null`).
```

This is required for the plugin to work.

#### `resultName`

> The `name` attribute for the `<input type="hidden">` where the result will be
> added (`string`, default: `uppyResult`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `name` attribute for the `<input type="hidden">` element that will contain the result (`string`, default: `uppyResult`).
```

#### `getMetaFromForm`

Configures whether to extract metadata from the form (`boolean`, default:

> `true`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`true`).
```

> When set to true, the `Form` plugin will extract all fields from a `<form>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to `true`, the `Form` plugin will extract all fields from a `<form>`
```

element before upload begins. Those fields will then be added to Uppy meta data
state (`uppy.state.meta`) and each file’s meta, and appended as (meta)data to
the upload in an object with `[file input name attribute]` ->
`[file input value]` key/values.

#### `addResultToForm`

Configures whether to add upload/encoding results back to the form in an
`<input name="uppyResult" type="hidden">` element (`boolean`, default: `true`)

#### `triggerUploadOnSubmit`

Configures whether to start the upload when the form is submitted (`boolean`,

> default: `false`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default: `false`).
```

> When the user presses a submit button, this will prevent form submission, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the user presses a submit button, type <kbd>Enter</kbd>, or does any similar action that would normally trigger the form submission, this will prevent the form submission, and
```

instead upload files. You can then:

- Set `submitOnSuccess: true` if you need the form to _actually_ be submitted
  once all files have been uploaded.
- Listen for `uppy.on('complete')` event to do something else if the file
  uploads are all you need. For example, if the form is used for file metadata
  only.

#### `submitOnSuccess`

Configures whether to submit the form after Uppy finishes uploading/encoding

> (`boolean`, default: `false`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(`boolean`, default: `false`).
```

#### `target`

DOM element or CSS selector for the form element (`string` or `Element`,
default: `null`).

This is required for the plugin to work.

#### `resultName`

The `name` attribute for the `<input type="hidden">` where the result will be
added (`string`, default: `uppyResult`).

#### `getMetaFromForm`

Configures whether to extract metadata from the form (`boolean`, default:
`true`).

> When set to `true`, the Form plugin will extract all fields from a `<form>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to `true`, the `Form` plugin will extract all fields from a `<form>`
```

Author: Do we need to mark the name of a plugin as code? Dashboard, Form, DragDrop.

Reviewer: I use backticks to wrap any word that should not be "parsed" by the reader as an English word, but instead as some jargon. I don't have strong feelings here, maybe the fact that `Form` is capitalised is enough here.

#### `addResultToForm`

Configures whether to add upload/encoding results back to the form in an
`<input name="uppyResult" type="hidden">` element (`boolean`, default: `true`).

#### `triggerUploadOnSubmit`

Configures whether to start the upload when the form is submitted (`boolean`,
default: `false`).

> When a user submits the form (via a submit button, an <kbd>Enter</kbd> key or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user submits the form (via a submit button, the <kbd>Enter</kbd> key or
```
